Hi.
That covers a lot of the different topics that I wanted to have in the workshop so far, but there's
plenty of room for more topics in the future.
We've seen in the workshops covered so far.
This simplest example learning the test runner, seeing how we can make playmode tests, edit mode tests,
learning a little bit about the differences of play mode and edit mode, and why you would want to test
in one or the other, or both.
Then we also saw some of the options we have when we have asynchronous functionality, or when we're
dependent on other systems.
What could we do to reduce that dependency for the sake of the test?
Along the way there, we're learning some different things about dependency injection and separating
the concerns of our code.
Those principles are useful in production code anyway, and we're beginning to see some of the ways
that when you prepare your code to be more testable, we're also creating code that is designed well
for production.
So having dependency injection allows flexibility that you can use at runtime, reducing the complexity
of your systems by passing in flexible varieties of different dependencies when you need to.
We've also seen by separating a monolithic large monobehaviour into just what we need from the monobehaviour
and moving the other code into a lighter weight non monobehaviour class, we again get some flexibility
that is useful in production and also helps us here in the testing world.
I think overall some of the challenges that we're seeing are what happens when you have multiple dependencies
or lots of systems called from one particular method.
That might be a sign that that method is bloated and doing too much, or it might be a sign that it's
a lean and appropriate designed one.
But we need to have some additional thoughts and considerations when we go to testing that functionality.
So I hope this has been helpful for you.
I look forward to covering even more topics in this series as well, and they'll be added again in over
time.
So thanks again.